Docs: rewrite prebuild-script migration guide around --combined-output (#296)
dfed/SafeDI: Documentation/Manual.md

### Migrating prebuild scripts or custom build system integrations

If you invoke `SafeDITool` directly (not via the provided SPM plugin), the 1.x `--dependency-tree-output` flag has been replaced. The simplest migration is `generate --combined-output`, which concatenates every dependency-tree, mock, and mock-configuration body SafeDITool would emit into one statically-known output file — a good fit for any build system that needs rule outputs declared up front.

Before (1.x):
```bash
safeditool input.csv --dependency-tree-output ./generated/SafeDI.swift
```

After (2.x), single module:
```bash
safeditool generate input.csv --combined-output ./generated/SafeDI.swift
```

> For multi-module projects, add `--module-info-output` so downstream modules can resolve `@Instantiable` types declared upstream without re-parsing the producer's sources. Each producer emits a `.safedi` sidecar; each consumer feeds the producer's `.safedi` back in through `--dependent-module-info-file-path`:

Author: ```suggestion
For multi-module projects, you can add the `--module-info-output` flag so downstream modules can resolve `@Instantiable` types declared upstream without re-parsing the producer's sources. Each producer emits a `.safedi` sidecar; each consumer feeds the producer's `.safedi` back in through `--dependent-module-info-file-path`:
```

```bash
# Producing module (Subproject):
safeditool generate Subproject.csv \
  --combined-output Subproject/SafeDIGenerated.swift \
  --module-info-output Subproject.safedi

# Consuming module (App), with Subproject already built:
echo "Subproject.safedi" > deps.csv
safeditool generate App.csv \
  --combined-output App/SafeDIGenerated.swift \
  --module-info-output App.safedi \
  --dependent-module-info-file-path deps.csv
```

For working reference implementations, see the Bazel rule at [`bazel/safedi.bzl`](../bazel/safedi.bzl) and the Tuist plugin at [`TuistPlugins/SafeDITuist/ProjectDescriptionHelpers/SafeDI.swift`](../TuistPlugins/SafeDITuist/ProjectDescriptionHelpers/SafeDI.swift). Both invoke `generate --combined-output --module-info-output` per module and pass dependent modules' `.safedi` artifacts via `--dependent-module-info-file-path`.

> If you need per-root output files (one generated `.swift` per `@Instantiable(isRoot: true)` type) instead of a single combined file, use `generate --swift-manifest` with a JSON manifest in the [`SafeDIToolManifest`](../Sources/SafeDICore/Models/SafeDIToolManifest.swift) format. `--swift-manifest` and `--combined-output` are mutually exclusive — pick whichever maps better onto your build system's output model.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need per-root output files (one generated `.swift` per `@Instantiable(isRoot: true)` type) instead of a single combined file, use `generate --swift-manifest` with a JSON manifest in the [`SafeDIToolManifest`](../Sources/SafeDICore/Models/SafeDIToolManifest.swift) format. `--swift-manifest` and `--combined-output` are mutually exclusive — pick whichever maps better onto your build system’s output model.
```
